docs: concept focused nav (#2302)
slackapi/bolt-js: docs/content/getting-started.mdx

## Setting up events {#setting-up-events}
Your app behaves similarly to people on your team — it can post messages, add emoji reactions, and listen and respond to events.

To listen for events happening in a Slack workspace (like when a message is posted or when a reaction is posted to a message) you'll use the [Events API to subscribe to event types](https://api.slack.com/events-api). 

For those just starting, we recommend using [Socket Mode](https://api.slack.com/apis/connections/socket). Socket Mode allows your app to use the Events API and interactive features without exposing a public HTTP Request URL. This can be helpful during development, or if you're receiving requests from behind a firewall. 

> That being said, you're welcome to set up an app with a public HTTP Request URL. HTTP is more useful for apps being deployed to hosting environments (like [AWS](/deployments/aws-lambda) or [Heroku](/deployments/heroku)), or apps intended for distribution via the Slack App Directory.

Reviewer: nit: Actually you can deploy socket mode apps to Heroku using worker mode in Procfile. So, we can emphasize the stability of operations for heavy traffic production apps:
```suggestion
That being said, you're welcome to set up an app with a public HTTP Request URL. HTTP is more useful for apps being deployed to hosting environments (like [AWS](/deployments/aws-lambda) or [Heroku](/deployments/heroku) to stably respond within a large corporate Slack workspaces/organization, or apps intended for distribution via the Slack Martketplace.
```

Also, App Directory is now "Slack Marketplace"
